limit initial_max_path to 2^32-1 and more explanation (#394)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

as specified in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. The new transport parameter is
defined as follows:

- initial_max_path_id (current version uses 0x0f739bbc1b666d09): a
  variable-length integer specifying the maximum path identifier
  an endpoint is willing to maintain at connection initiation.

>   This value MUST NOT exceed 2^32-1, as Path IDs are defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This value MUST NOT exceed 2^30-1, as Path IDs are defined
```

>   with a maximum value 2^32-1 as the 32 bits of the Path ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with a maximum value 2^30-1 as the 32 bits of the Path ID
```

>   are used to calculate the nonce (see {{multipath-aead}}).

Author: Note, this is a normative change to explicitly state the MUST here. This is the same text as used for the MAX_PATHS frame value but I think we have to specify it here as well.

Author: How about this (referencing the nonce section directly rather than the intro but not repeating the value multiple times)?
```suggestion
  This value MUST NOT exceed 2^32-1, the maximum allowed value for the Path ID due to
  restrictions on the nonce calculation (see {{multipath-aead}}).
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's good too.

the use of a nonce, N, formed by combining the packet protection IV
with the packet number. When multiple packet number spaces are used,
the packet number alone would not guarantee the uniqueness of the nonce.
Therefore, the nonce N is calculated by combining the packet protection
IV with the packet number and with the least significant 32 bits of the
Path ID. In order to guarantee the uniqueness of the nonce, the Path ID

> is limited to a max value of 2^30-1.

Author: ```suggestion
is limited to a max value of 2^32-1.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should be "is limited to a max value of 2^32-1." We want 32 bits, not 30 bits. But this is redundant with what we say in the section "Introduction of an Explicit Path Identifier." We should not have two places stating the limit.

Author: ups, yes I definitely messed this up here. I'll fix it to the right value now and then make another proposal to repeat this less often.

  This value MUST NOT exceed 2^32-1, as Path IDs are defined with a maximum value 2^32-1
  as the 32 bits of the Path ID are used to calculate the nonce (see {{multipath-aead}}).
  The Maximum Path Identifier value MUST NOT be lower than the value
  advertised in the initial_max_path_id transport parameter.

>   

Author: ```suggestion

```

>   

Author: ```suggestion

```

  This value MUST NOT exceed 2^32-1, as Path IDs are defined with a maximum value 2^32-1
  as the 32 bits of the Path ID are used to calculate the nonce (see {{multipath-aead}}).
  The Maximum Path Identifier value MUST NOT be lower than the value

>   advertised in the initial_max_path_id transport parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
  advertised in the initial_max_path_id transport parameter.
  
```

Reviewer 2: Do we need to restate the AEAD reason here? I would rather only have that in the ".Introduction of an Explicit Path Identifier." The text should be:

This value MUST NOT exceed 2^32-1, the maximum value of the Path ID (see {{introduction-of-an-explicit-path-identifier}}).
The Maximum Path Identifier value MUST NOT be lower than the value
advertised in the initial_max_path_id transport parameter.

> Receipt of an invalid Maximum Path Identifier value MUST be treated as a

Author: ```suggestion

Receipt of an invalid Maximum Path Identifier value MUST be treated as a
```
